Malcolm died in 1093, and was succeeded by his eldest surviving son, Edgar. Edgar's wife, Margaret, was the daughter of Edward the Exile, and had been brought up in England. She persuaded Edgar to oppose William, and the two went to Normandy, where they sought the help of Henry I, the son of William the Conqueror. Henry invaded Scotland in 1097, and defeated Malcolm's successor, Donald Bane, at the Battle of Alnwick. Edgar was captured and imprisoned, and his wife returned to Scotland. She was given sanctuary in Dunfermline Abbey, where she died in 1093.

Document 15:
The Treaty of Abernethy (1072) was signed between William the Conqueror and King Malcolm III of Scotland. William invaded Scotland in 1072, riding as far as Abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships. Malcolm submitted, paid homage to William and surrendered his son Duncan as a hostage, beginning a series of arguments as to whether the Scottish Crown owed allegiance to the King of England.

Document 16:
The Treaty of Saint Clair-sur-Epte was signed on 24 November 911, between King Charles III of West Francia and Rollo, a Viking leader. The treaty offered Rollo and his men the French lands between the river Epte and the Atlantic coast in exchange for their protection against further Viking incursions. The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy down to the river Seine, but the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine.

Document 17:
The Duchy of Normandy was created in 911 as a fiefdom, by the treaty of Saint-Clair-sur-Epte between King Charles III of West Francia and the famed Viking ruler Rollo. The treaty offered Rollo and his men the French lands between the river Epte and the Atlantic coast in exchange for their protection against further Viking incursions. The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy down to the river Seine, but the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine.

Document 18:
The Norman invasion of England in 1066 is one of the most famous events in English history. It marked the transition from the Anglo-Saxon period to the Norman period of English history. The invasion began on 28 September 1066 with the Battle of Stamford Bridge and ended on 25 December 1066 with the death of Harold Godwinson and the crowning of William, Duke of Normandy, as King William I of England. The battle of Hastings, which was fought on 14 October 1066, was the most decisive and is often considered the turning point of the invasion.

Document 19:
William I of England, also known as William the Conqueror, was the first Norman king of England. He reigned from 1066 until his death in 1087. William was born in Falaise, Normandy, and became Duke of Normandy in 1035. He invaded England in 1066 and defeated the Anglo-Saxon king Harold Godwinson at the Battle of Hastings. William was crowned king on Christmas Day 1066. His reign saw the introduction of the feudal system and the construction of many castles across England. He died in 1087 and was buried in Caen, Normandy.

Document 20:
The Bayeux Tapestry is a 58-metre-long embroidered cloth that depicts the events leading up to the Norman conquest of England. It is named after the town of Bayeux in Normandy, where it is housed in the Musée des Tapisseries. The
