William continued to raid Scotland until 1074 when Malcolm submitted again. Malcolm's wife, Margaret, was a strong supporter of the Church and of the Normans. She was instrumental in spreading Norman customs and language throughout Scotland. Her efforts were supported by her sons, Alexander and David.

Document 15:
William I of England (1028–1087) was born in Falaise, Normandy, and died in Rouen. He was the second son of Robert I, Duke of Normandy. William succeeded his elder brother Robert as Duke of Normandy in 1035. He invaded England in 1066 and defeated Harold Godwinson at the Battle of Hastings. He was crowned king of England in 1066. He was the first Norman king of England. William I was nicknamed "the Bastard", but he was legitimate. His mother was Herleva of Falaise, who was the mistress of Robert I, Duke of Normandy. William I had several children, including William Rufus, Henry I, and Adela, who married Stephen of Blois.

Document 16:
William II of England (1056–1100) was the third son of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. He ruled England from 1087 to 1100 and was called William Rufus. William II was the youngest son of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. William II was born in Falaise, Normandy, and died in the New Forest, England. He was the younger brother of Robert Curthose and William Rufus. William II was the second Norman king of England. He was a great huntsman and enjoyed hunting in the New Forest. He was killed by an arrow while hunting in the New Forest. He was succeeded by his brother Henry I.

Document 17:
Henry I of England (1068–1135) was the fourth son of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. He ruled England from 1100 to 1135 and was called Henry Beauclerc. Henry I was the youngest son of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. He was the younger brother of Robert Curthose, William Rufus, and Matilda of England. Henry I was the third Norman king of England. He was a capable ruler and a patron of the arts and learning. He was also a great hunter and enjoyed hunting in the New Forest. He was succeeded by his daughter, Empress Matilda.

Document 18:
Matilda of England (1102–1167) was the only daughter of Henry I of England and his queen, Adela. She was the only child of Henry I and Adela, who was the daughter of Stephen of Blois. Matilda was married to Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor. Matilda was the only child of Henry I and Adela. She was the niece of William the Conqueror and granddaughter of Robert I, Duke of Normandy. Matilda was the heir to the English throne after her father's death. She was the first woman to claim the English crown in her own right. She was also the first female ruler of the Holy Roman Empire.

Document 19:
Richard I of England (1157–1199) was the third son of Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine. He was the younger brother of Henry the Young King and Geoffrey II, Count of Brittany. Richard was born in Oxford Castle, England, and died in Châlus-Chabrol, France. He was the third Plantagenet king of England. Richard was known as Richard the Lionheart because of his reputation as a warrior and his prowess as a leader. He was a great crusader and fought in
