In the 12th century, the abbey was home to the theorist Anonymous IV.

Document 15:
William the Conqueror and his son William Rufus were buried in Caen Cathedral, where there is a tomb with their effigies. Their remains were moved to the Royal Abbey of Saint-Sauveur in Caen in 1204, when Philip II of France seized Normandy. When Philip died in 1223, his body was returned to the cathedral and reburied beside the royal tombs.

Document 16:
The Normans were active in the Mediterranean, as well as in the Baltic. In 1085, Robert Guiscard led a force to Corfu, which he captured, and then to Bari, which he besieged but could not capture. He later went to Otranto and Taranto. His forces took the island of Crete in 1082. In 1084, he took the island of Malta, and then besieged Palermo in Sicily. Robert's son, Bohemond I, led the Normans in the conquest of Bari, Otranto, Taranto, and Lecce in 1071. Bohemond was then sent to Sicily to take Palermo. In 1091, Bohemond captured the city of Bari and founded the Principality of Taranto. In 1098, he took Otranto and Taranto, and then besieged Bari, which he took in 1100. Bohemond was the first Prince of Antioch and he later founded the Principality of Antioch. Bohemond died in 1111 and was succeeded by his son Roger I.

Document 17:
The Norman invasion of England in 1066 was the culmination of a process of Norman expansion and colonization that had been going on for more than a century. The Normans had come to power in the region of Normandy in the late 10th century, and had been invited by the king of France to settle in the region. The Normans had been a mixture of Norse warriors and local Frankish and Roman-Gaulish peoples, and had adopted Christianity. The Normans had also been heavily influenced by the French language and culture, and had begun to consider themselves a French people.

Document 18:
The Normans also had a significant presence in the Crusader States in the eastern Mediterranean. Bohemond I of Taranto was a major participant in the First Crusade and founded the Principality of Antioch. His son Bohemond II was also a major figure in the Second Crusade. The Norman knight Tancred of Hauteville played a key role in the Third Crusade and was one of the leaders of the Knights Templar.

Document 19:
After the Norman Conquest of England, the Normans and their descendants gradually replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class. The Normans brought with them a new feudal system, which was different from the Anglo-Saxon system. The Normans also introduced a new language, Norman French, which became the language of the courts and the nobility. The Normans also introduced a new form of architecture, known as Norman architecture, which was characterized by its use of round arches and ribbed vaults.

Document 20:
The Normans were also active in the development of literature. The Normans were known for their poetry and their epic poems, such as the Romance of the Rose, which was written in the 13th century. The Normans were also known for their troubadours, who were itinerant poets and musicians who traveled from court to court, performing their songs and composing new ones. The Normans also produced many works of prose, including chronicles
