Q1: What was the new Norman rulers' relationship with the old French aristocracy?
A1: The new Norman rulers were culturally and ethnically distinct from the old French aristocracy.
Q2: How did the Normans contribute to the Crusades?
A2: Many Normans of Italy, France and England eventually served as avid Crusaders under the Italo-Norman prince Bohemund I and the Anglo-Norman king Richard the Lion-Heart.
Q3: Who led the papal army during the War of Barbastro in 1064?
A3: William of Montreuil led the papal army during the War of Barbastro in 1064.
Q4: What was the significance of the conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces during the Third Crusade?
A4: The conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island, which would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years.
Q5: What was the role of Normans in the Crusades according to Document 12?
A5: According to Document 12, Tancred was instrumental in the conquest of Jerusalem and worked for the expansion of the Crusader kingdom in Transjordan and the region of Galilee. Additionally, Bohemond was the de facto leader of the Crusade during its passage through Asia Minor. After the successful Siege of Antioch in 1097, Bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city. [citation needed] Q1: What was the name of Bohemond's nephew?
A1: Tancred. Q2: How did the Normans influence the legal systems of Jersey and Guernsey?
A2: The customary law of Normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries and survives today through the legal systems of Jersey and Guernsey in the Channel Islands. Q3: What was the Norman contribution to classical music in the 11th century?
A3: At Fécamp Abbey and Saint-Evroul Abbey, the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught, along with the staff, around which neumes were oriented, which was first developed and taught in the 11th century. Q4: What happened to Isaac after Richard's conquest of Cyprus?
A4: Isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains, because Richard had promised that he would not place him in irons. Q5: What was the outcome of the invasion of Scotland by William the Conqueror in 1072?
A5: Malcolm submitted, paid homage to William and surrendered his son Duncan as a hostage. Q1: What was the name of Bohemond's nephew?
A1: Tancred.
Q2: How did the Normans contribute to the development of architectural styles in the regions they subdued?
A2: Normans spread a unique Romanesque idiom to England and Italy, and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north French style fundamentally altered the military landscape.
Q3: What was the significance of the conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces during the Third Crusade?
A3: The conquest of Cyprus by the Anglo-Norman forces of the Third Crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island, which would be under Western European domination for the following 380 years.
Q4: What was the impact of the French Wars of Religion and the French Revolution on Norman architectural and artistic remnants?
A4: The French Wars of Religion caused the wanton destruction of many Norman edifices, while the French Revolution caused the purposeful destruction of religious objects and resulted in rampant pillaging.
Q5: What were some of the key developments in the history of classical music in Normandy during the 11th
